Let's visualize the grid based on the information given:

```
modem - greenhouse - jackfruit
snoek - tusker     - radio
remote - shoe store - cassette
```

You start at the position where the tusker is located:

```
modem - greenhouse - jackfruit
snoek - (tusker)   - radio
remote - shoe store - cassette
```

Then you go down by one step:

```
modem - greenhouse - jackfruit
snoek - tusker     - radio
remote - (shoe store) - cassette
```

Then you go left by one step:

```
modem - greenhouse - jackfruit
snoek - tusker     - radio
(remote) - shoe store - cassette
```

Then you go up by one step:

```
modem - greenhouse - jackfruit
(snoek) - tusker     - radio
remote - shoe store - cassette
```

Then you go up by one step:

```
(modem) - greenhouse - jackfruit
snoek - tusker     - radio
remote - shoe store - cassette
```

Then you go right by one step:

```
modem - (greenhouse) - jackfruit
snoek - tusker       - radio
remote - shoe store  - cassette
```

And finally, you go down by one step:

```
modem - greenhouse - jackfruit
snoek - (tusker)   - radio
remote - shoe store - cassette
```

After following all the steps, you end up at the position where the tusker is located again.

Answer: You will find a tusker.